annot: Marinate the chicken with cumin powder, kashmiri red chilli powder, garam masala, coriander powder, 1 tsp of oil/ghee and salt
ACTID: 0
PRED: marinate
[DOBJ, food] the chicken (-1)
[PP, food, with] cumin powder (-1), kashmiri red chilli powder (-1), garam masala (-1), coriander powder (-1), 1 tsp of oil/ghee (-1), salt (-1)
annot: mix it well
ACTID: 1
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] it (0)
annot: let it marinate for 25 minutes
ACTID: 2
PRED: marinate
[DOBJ, food] it (1)
[PP, other, for] 25 minutes (-1)
annot: Grind ginger and garlic along with red chill into a paste
ACTID: 3
PRED: grind
[DOBJ, food] ginger (-1), garlic (-1)
[PP, food, into] a paste (-1)
annot: Grind onions in the food processor to make a paste
ACTID: 4
PRED: grind
[DOBJ, food] onions (-1)
[PP, location, in] the food processor (-1)
annot: make tomato puree separately
ACTID: 5
PRED: make
[DOBJ, food] tomato puree (-1)
annot: pre heat oil in a pan
ACTID: 6
PRED: heat
[DOBJ, food] oil (-1)
[PP, location, in] a pan (-1)
annot: add cinnamon sticks, pepper, cloves, mustard seeds, cumin seeds and green chilli
ACTID: 7
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] cinnamon sticks (-1), pepper (-1), cloves (-1), mustard seeds (-1), green chilli (-1)
[PP, food, ] (6)
annot: Add onion paste into the pan
ACTID: 8
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] onion paste (4)
[PP, location, into] the pan (-1)
annot: fry it till dark brown
ACTID: 9
PRED: fry
[DOBJ, food] it (8)
[PP, other, till] dark brown
annot: add some salt
ACTID: 10
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some salt (-1)
[PP, food, ] (9)
annot: Add ginger garlic paste
ACTID: 11
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] ginger garlic paste (3)
[PP, food, ] (10)
annot: mix it well
ACTID: 12
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] it (11)
annot: Add red chilli powder, coriander powder and cumin powder, continue to stir until dark brown
ACTID: 13
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] red chilli powder (-1), coriander powder (-1), cumin powder (-1)
[PP, food, ] (12)
annot: continue to stir until dark brown
ACTID: 14
PRED: stir
[PP, other, until] dark brown
[PP, food, ] (13)
annot: Add tomato puree
ACTID: 15
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] tomato puree (5)
[PP, food, ] (14)
annot: mix it well
ACTID: 16
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] it (15)
annot: Add chicken into the pan
ACTID: 17
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] chicken (2)
[PP, food, into] the pan (16)
annot: toss it well
ACTID: 18
PRED: toss
[DOBJ, food] it (17)
annot: Add some coriander leaves
ACTID: 19
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] coriander leaves (-1)
[PP, food, ] (18)
annot: mix some water
ACTID: 20
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] some water (-1)
[PP, food, ] (19)
annot: cover the lid
ACTID: 21
PRED: cover
[DOBJ, food] the lid (-1)
[PP, food, ] (20)
annot: let it cook for about 10-15 minutes
ACTID: 22
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] it (21)
[PP, other, for] about 10-15 minutes (-1)
annot: Add some more water
ACTID: 23
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some more water (-1)
[PP, food, ] (22)
annot: cook for about 10 min
ACTID: 24
PRED: cook
[PP, other, for] about 10 min (-1)
[PP, food, ] (23)
annot: Add garam masala in the end
ACTID: 25
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] garam masala (-1)
[PP, other, in] the end (-1)
[PP, food, ] (24)